[
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0ML49XU0",
        "text": "joel: did you drop Max a note on this last night?",
        "thread_ts": "1487124283.277527",
        "parent_user_id": "U02E3CRMA",
        "ts": "1487180153.355075"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U026E0ZNR",
        "text": "what are the dimensions of the podium display?",
        "ts": "1487183195.924103"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U02E3CRMA",
        "text": "27.5” X 15.4”\n",
        "ts": "1487183271.965080"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U026E0ZNR",
        "text": "pixel-wise?",
        "edited": {
            "user": "U026E0ZNR",
            "ts": "1487183308.000000"
        },
        "ts": "1487183295.975989"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U02E3CRMA",
        "text": "1920x1080",
        "ts": "1487183315.985882"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U026E0ZNR",
        "text": "ah! thank you",
        "ts": "1487183321.988846"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U2670DYLE",
        "text": "<!here|@here>, this is the marker clustering interaction I mentioned in standup, <https:\/\/developers.google.com\/maps\/documentation\/javascript\/marker-clustering>",
        "ts": "1487184994.866008"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U026E0ZNR",
        "text": "cool!",
        "ts": "1487185100.938344"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U02F9CXTL",
        "text": "DECK - \n<@U0B9N0HF0> <@U0J6TE0CA> <@U0ML49XU0> <@U0260V4K1> \n<https:\/\/docs.google.com\/presentation\/d\/1IKZHgPrShriCb1LYDwSsbp5nwvS61c16xqiTP21AjtM\/edit#slide=id.g1c6e4ab17a_0_38>",
        "ts": "1487185125.951732"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0B9N0HF0",
        "text": "Thanks!",
        "ts": "1487185267.074245"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0ML49XU0",
        "text": "<@U0B9N0HF0> do we want full team in client meeting or small subset?  we did smaller subset last week to keep worker time for dev team in particular",
        "ts": "1487186005.462359"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0B9N0HF0",
        "text": "I think smaller subset, especially because we'll be in library.",
        "ts": "1487186129.525553"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0B9N0HF0",
        "text": "But I am never one to deny someone who wants to come :slightly_smiling_face:",
        "ts": "1487186151.536780"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0ML49XU0",
        "text": "cool, i’ll be there but my recco is that John, Peter Joel, Emily keep up the work\/tests they need to perform so day ain’t bogged down in meetings.",
        "ts": "1487186218.569638"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0B9N0HF0",
        "text": ":the_horns:",
        "ts": "1487186276.598111"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0EL0GLEL",
        "text": "works for me, I tested the update john did for our test and it worked great. we should be able to get a drop for them pretty quick",
        "ts": "1487186426.672874",
        "reactions": [
            {
                "name": "raised_hands::skin-tone-3",
                "users": [
                    "U02E3CRMA",
                    "U0ML49XU0"
                ],
                "count": 2
            }
        ]
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U026E0ZNR",
        "text": "hey <@U2670DYLE>, do you have any insight over customizing those clustered map markers?",
        "ts": "1487187020.973052"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "subtype": "file_share",
        "text": "<@U0B9N0HF0|rob> shared a file: <https:\/\/uncorked.slack.com\/files\/rob\/F459ZEV16\/17|[Google Copy] Net Contributor Design Progress 02\/21\/17>",
        "file": {
            "id": "F459ZEV16",
            "created": 1487188844,
            "timestamp": 1487188844,
            "name": "17",
            "title": "[Google Copy] Net Contributor Design Progress 02\/21\/17",
            "mimetype": "application\/vnd.google-apps.presentation",
            "filetype": "gpres",
            "pretty_type": "GDocs Presentation",
            "user": "U0B9N0HF0",
            "editable": false,
            "size": 3340,
            "mode": "external",
            "is_external": true,
            "external_type": "gdrive",
            "is_public": true,
            "public_url_shared": false,
            "display_as_bot": false,
            "username": "",
            "url_private": "https:\/\/docs.google.com\/presentation\/d\/1M9g94aT8lM5hQXOjyRKr0Z1dVVZSo1ddAigp6YksN8E\/edit?usp=sharing",
            "thumb_64": "https:\/\/slack.com\/img\/files\/gpres_64.v.png",
            "thumb_360": "https:\/\/slack.com\/img\/files\/gpres_360.v.png",
            "thumb_360_w": 360,
            "thumb_360_h": 167,
            "permalink": "https:\/\/uncorked.slack.com\/files\/rob\/F459ZEV16\/17",
            "channels": [
                "C3C7Z6ECF"
            ],
            "groups": [],
            "ims": [],
            "comments_count": 0,
            "has_rich_preview": false
        },
        "user": "U0B9N0HF0",
        "upload": false,
        "display_as_bot": false,
        "username": "rob",
        "bot_id": null,
        "ts": "1487188845.908322"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0ML49XU0",
        "text": "for those on call:\n\n1.  Design Progress \n\nPreview Attract Mode\nRequest for any professional\/high res images content partners have available for our use. \nDisplay Design: color palette and color hero images\nDiscuss acceptable range of colors\/color palette we sent over \n2.  CMS Progress\n\nReview refinements that have been rolled out\nDiscuss user feedback (e.g. character counts and parameters) \nHow's everyone doing?\nPlan going forward and process for fielding questions as they come up\nImpact on Alpha\n\n3.  Schedule\n\nWhat we're up to this week\/next week\nConfirming Alpha release and coordination (scheduled for EOD 02\/21\/17)\nTo not impact Alpha release: Content input due next week \nAdjusting Beta \nConfirm: 2\/28 Content Partner Review\nProcess feedback, Dogfood refinements and 1.1 plan (if applicable)\nDogfood plan: Jira for bug logging? \nQ: Do we want Uncorked team on-site?",
        "ts": "1487188924.946779"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0265G76F",
        "text": "nice work in that meeting <!channel>. Really stellar progress and presentation (AV issues aside)",
        "ts": "1487192345.940246"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U06DFL7BP",
        "text": "do the machines in library need to hooked up to ethernet at all times",
        "ts": "1487194278.988245"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U06DFL7BP",
        "text": "(trying to troubleshoot the mac mini network issues <@U02E3CRMA> <@U0B9N0HF0>)",
        "ts": "1487194302.000081"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U02E3CRMA",
        "text": "they do, since we need to be able to get to them from our systems\/the internets",
        "ts": "1487194685.174035"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U06DFL7BP",
        "text": "ok",
        "ts": "1487194705.183268"
    }
]