[
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U026103R3",
        "text": "<@U026PLK4S> <@U0MKH0BE0> <@U0HPGQ4KH> can we meet outside of the Iron room instead of stone?",
        "ts": "1494455446.616644"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U026103R3",
        "text": "Hoping we can look at the vinyl and have our discussion up here",
        "ts": "1494455457.620087"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0HPGQ4KH",
        "text": "coming up",
        "ts": "1494455499.633140"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U026103R3",
        "text": "Hi folks, that was a super productive meeting. Here are the action items I captured, let me know if anyone has questions:",
        "ts": "1494457846.295120"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U026103R3",
        "text": "<@U0MKH0BE0> \n- Work on another pass on the wayfinding design\n- Create spec doc as discussed with Matt\n\n<@U026103R3> (yes, me)\n- Ask if all execs need to be involved in decision or just John\n- Bring up niche downstairs to the arya subcomittee group\n- Bring up hallway art to the arya subcomittee group\n- Schedule a meeting in a week to regroup on wayfinding and determine priority of next item (reception signage or tiny gratitudes wall)",
        "ts": "1494457907.310787"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0MKH0BE0",
        "text": "<@U026103R3> <@U026PLK4S> <@U0HPGQ4KH> <@U0GN0A9EV> Just wanted to double check with the team that it’s okay to remove stair signage???",
        "edited": {
            "user": "U0MKH0BE0",
            "ts": "1494458558.000000"
        },
        "ts": "1494458552.474215"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U026103R3",
        "text": "Yep think so!",
        "ts": "1494458562.476454"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0MKH0BE0",
        "text": "thanks",
        "ts": "1494458566.477824"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0MKH0BE0",
        "text": "gone! :+1::skin-tone-5:",
        "ts": "1494458937.569436",
        "reactions": [
            {
                "name": "raised_hands::skin-tone-3",
                "users": [
                    "U0HPGQ4KH"
                ],
                "count": 1
            }
        ]
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U026103R3",
        "text": "thanks Melodee!",
        "ts": "1494458961.575228"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U026103R3",
        "text": "<!channel> Hey folks, sounds like it's ideal to present our proposal for conference room signage and execution to the entire exec team. Would love to know your thoughts on level of fidelity that would be appropriate and time needed to get prepped. \n\nIt would also be great to be able to do that as soon as we can so we can get the approval needed, move on to installation, then focus our efforts on additional signage.",
        "ts": "1494462400.346799"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U026103R3",
        "text": "Going to toss this out - think we can do that by mid next week? Seems like it's really just putting together a quick deck and getting our talking points in a row.\n\nProposing 30min on Wed afternoon 5\/17. LMK if there are any major objections.",
        "edited": {
            "user": "U026103R3",
            "ts": "1494462900.000000"
        },
        "ts": "1494462456.357657"
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U0MKH0BE0",
        "text": "I can work on this deck since I’m deep in it with signage. I would just need to connect with Matt to see what should be in this deck.",
        "ts": "1494463420.548809",
        "reactions": [
            {
                "name": "+1::skin-tone-3",
                "users": [
                    "U0HPGQ4KH"
                ],
                "count": 1
            }
        ]
    },
    {
        "type": "message",
        "user": "U026103R3",
        "text": "Cool cool ",
        "ts": "1494463832.629984"
    }
]